Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ Chiblitokyo.blogspot.com
You should've been more careful.
Do you want to eat together?
Wake up, Hong Seol. Don't fall for that smile.
Dog Fur.
Is she crazy?
- That's a great idea.  - Right?
Cheese in the Trap
Why isn't Hong Joon answering his phone?
I'm from the moving company.
Pardon?
The moving company.
Did Joon call them?
- Hi!  - What is this?
What? You finished packing already? You should've asked us to help you.
Also...
- We brought him here.  - Sunbae.
You put your boyfriend to work at times like these.
Sunbae, is this the first time you've visited Seol's place?
It seems like he's been here a couple of times already...
He hasn't.
It looks like we only have to move those. Let's eat first and then do it.
Yeah, let's go eat first. It's the first time the four of us met like this. How about some meat at the shop up there?
- Meat.  - I got it. I'll finish up and go.
Finish what up? Just hurry and come with us.
Okay, okay.
Let's go!
Episode 7
- I hate egg rolls the most in this world.  - Still, it's the first place I lived alone in.
I feel sad since I'm about to leave.
I'm going to be farther away from you and Bo Ra, too.
- I guess...  - Noona!
Dog Fur!
You... You.
You said that you were going to come in the morning. Why are you late?
Why are you guys together?
I met him on the way here.
Did you drink? Are you out of your mind?
Hong! Who is he?
He's my brother and he's... I mean, this person is...
I was a teacher at an academy she went to— I resigned. I'm Baek In Ho.
Hello, I'm Seol's friend.
- Look at you. - What?
- Hey! Go and pack now.  - What are you talking about?
What am I talking about? I'm telling you to hurry and go pack now!
- How am I supposed to know what to pack?  - You said that you'd pack for me! Do you want to get hit?
Seol, let's just go eat together.
- But, Sunbae...  - He's right, let's go and eat together.
Let's go.
- Let's do that.  - Let's go.
What are you doing?
Oh, the last time I went to your place, it seemed really far.
It'll be hard on you when you move.
I can't do anything about it.
- You went to her house?  - Yeah, I went and got to eat hamburgers there.
- What? When did you go to her house without me?  - You weren't there last time.
I told you before that I sent her home because Sunbae Yeong Geun followed her like a stalker.
That pathetic bastard?
Hey, what kind of guy follows you from the academy to your house?
He made such a fuss in front of the academy last time, too.
What's up with you? Why do other guys have to guard your girlfriend?
Why didn't you tell me?
That is... It wasn't anything important. It's just that
he always went around talking about weird things.
Tell me next time, okay?
Okay.
- Have some.  - Sunbae seems to take care of you well.
He's definitely your boyfriend. Boyfriend.
Anyhow, what
kind of part-time job looks at your background? Are they telling middle school students to go and die or what?
Middle schooler? Are you a middle schooler?
- I mean middle school graduate.  - A middle school graduate?  - That's right, punk.
Are you also looking for a part-time job? I also have to look for one. It's hard looking for one, isn't it?
- It's hard. - Our shop is looking to hire, though. Who wants a job?
- Me!  - Me.
You said that it was too far away.
It is kind of far... You can have the job.
-Where is it? What am I going to be doing?-It's on the way to Gyeong jong.
Joon. Don't do it.
It's on the way to Gyeong jong. The shop is really small. We don't get customers.
- Is that so?  - Yeah.
- It sounds good. I want to do it.  - Do you want to ruin the business from the start?
Plus, it's Mom who's hiring. What do you think you're doing?
- That could happen...  - That punk is seriously...
It's fine. There's nothing you can do.
- It's fine. Don't feel defeated. - Don't worry about it.
I'll go. Call.
Right, I heard that the crazy pervert still hasn't been caught yet.
I heard that he went from our school's back gate to this neighborhood.
That pervert is the grand thief of underwear.
What? Does he make knives out of underwear?
- That isn't even funny.  - Where do they sell jokes like that...
You must have learned jokes from books.
Hey Daedo means big knife.
It's great that you get to move without encountering the pervert.
Yeah, what a relief.
It takes 4 hours to commute to school. It's going to be hard on you, Seol.
Here, here. To Seol's 4 hours of commute, cheers!
- Cheers!  - Cheers!
Is this something to be cheering for?
Cheers!
Sorry, Dog Fur.
- Give that to me.  - I'm fine.
Hong, it's your last night here. Let's have a sleepover.
- I still have to pack.  - We'll help you.
- Not today.  - Hong!
- Let's have a sleepover at your place next time.  - We'll go to the convenience store and buy some snacks, beer, and hot dogs.
- We'll buy it all!  - I really can't tonight.
- Let's go.  - We'll come back!  - Next time...
I have to pack, though.
Are you all going to come?
Of course.
I have to clean up my room, so come slowly.
Joon, take your time with them.
Just do as you've always done. Why do you care so much about it when you're about to move out?
Up until when are you going to follow us?
Soon she'll be my boss's child, so I should go help.
Don't worry, don't worry. I'm going to move to a new neighborhood and take it over.
If the pathetic bastard comes to the noodle shop or
to her house, I'll take care of him for you guys. Okay?
It's going to be fun with you part-timing at the shop. Hyung, my mom—
I'm going first.
Why are you so late? I waited for you.
Where are you going? I've been watching you all this time and
you were the source of dirtiness.
You invite men into your room, and the pervert next door too.
Do your parents know that you live like this?
You are annoying me.
Who are you?
Let go of her.
Okay.
Here. Take her.
Seol. Are you okay? Seol, Seol.
Catch that bastard!
That! That brick bastard!
Hong! Are you okay?
Seriously...
Should I call the ambulance?
- Oh Joon, it's me.  - Is my sister fine?
- She got a bit hurt.  - How hurt is she?
- That son of a bi*ch!  - Hey, did Dog Fur get hurt?
Yes.
He's dead when I catch him.
We ran everywhere, but we weren't able to find him.
I got it. I'll head over there.
Bora and Eun Taek will take care of you. I'll be back.
Don't go.
Go to the hospital first. Take care of her.
Be careful, Sunbae.
Where is the brick bastard?!
You are hiding well, aren't you?
Ahh, this punk...
So he's hidden himself well, like a rat.
Stay where you're hiding, you bastard!
You're dead, you bastard! You brick-like bastard!
Now they've all received their punishments.
I'm going to have to leave now.
So you were here.
Let go of me!
My head! My head!
How can these students catch a criminal? Hurry and tell them to come back.
- They're not answering their phones.  - Student, you seem really hurt. We have to rush you to the hospital.
Please help.
I'll head out, too.
- Be careful.  - Help me out.
So Seol wasn't mistaken when she saw you the other day.
I just don't understand
why people like you are living in this society.
It suits you well.
Does it hurt? It's exactly what you did to Seol earlier.
Does she know that you're doing this?
Does she know how crazy you are?
She knows. She's similar to me.
Yeah right. Take a look at what you've done to me.
She probably wouldn't even understand this.
People like her can't understand people like us.
How are you different from me?
I should've parked my car on the main road. I had to report to work.
Hey don't come!
Don't come ssi!
Officer Park, this way! Hurry!
- Be careful, be careful.  - I'm not the criminal!
Don't go anywhere and stay here. The both of you.
Okay, okay.
But wasn't that the voice of Baek or whatever his name is?
Hurry and explain it to them.
Will you be fine?
- I'll be fine.  - Wait for me.
Ahjusshi!
Where did Sunbae go?
Wait, wait, wait.
Should I tell you something? There'll be no one by your side in the future.
There's definitely going to be a day where that girl is going to turn her back on you.
It hurts, it hurts.
They're only used to steal underwear. Should just I break them?
Yoo Jung... did this to my hand.
Seol.
Why are you alone? Where are they?
Sunbae...
Noona!
Noona! Noona, are you okay?
Is everything okay?
Geez...
He's here!
Get up for a second.
Can you get up?
Get on my back first.
Hyung, I'll go to the hospital first.
Thankfully, Sunbae was able to get out of the police station without any problems.
And that person was not the grandson of the landlady.
Sexual assault, burglary.
He was the owner of a fake travel agency.
He swindled the landlord on a vacation package.
And the landlord is being delayed coming home from this problem.
What's so strange about me?
Honestly the girls are causing more problems coming on to the guys and inviting men to their places.
Plus, honestly, what is normal these days? Take a look outside.
There are stranger people out there in the world. Am I not correct?
No you're not. No you're not.
He is a deviant and quite delusional.
He could get punished lightly if the test result shows he has a mental illness.
A punk like him needs to go to prison!
Then the main suspect is released, right?
Ahh yeah. The culprit admitted that case too.
He said he put the underwear in Gong Joo Yong's room.
Then...
Yeah. Goodbye.
It's not like I was seriously injured. You didn't have to visit me...
There. You said you know the person who helped me, right?
Yes.
Please give this to the person.
And this is yours. Take it.
Thank you.
Don't come to work from tomorrow. You only have two days left anyway.
I don't think you need to come to work. I am off.
Thank you.
But that model student sunbae was still waiting.
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
My bones are fine.
Walking is alright as long as I don't run.
Right.
That's a relief.
Thanks for yesterday.
But from now on,
I don't want you to go to that extent.
I am regretting it now too.
Okay. He did it because of me.
So that's okay.
Summer vacation is almost over now.
Help me out on the second semester too, Sunbae.
Okay, me too.
Now the end of my school life with Sunbae is beginning.
I don't know what'll happen in the future, but
wouldn't it better since I am with Sunbae?
Better my butt! Ahh I forgot about this.
The four-hour commute!
Hong!
What is this? You came alone?
Why did you come alone?
No one knows I am dating Sunbae...
I'll get grace C.
Only if these two will keep their mouths shut...
Seol, hi!
I am Min Soo. Song Min Soo.
I look a bit weird without the glasses, aren't I?
No. You've gotten prettier.
Really? Thanks, you too.
Ah, but you were pretty to begin with...
- Were you well during the summer vacation?  - Yes
You were well too, right?
Your style got very similar to Hong now.
I always liked that style too.
I guess Seol and I have similar taste.
Taste...? Right your taste naturally was---
Right it was, right?
What are you writing?
Seol!
Sunbae! Welcome! I'll move.
- Hello.  - Scoot over.
You guys must have gotten a lot closer during the vacation.
No. There isn't any other seat open.
- We are dating.  - Huh?  - Dating?
You are dating Seol?
I am ruined.
Don't you remember?
What were you doing?
You surprised me because you blurted it out so suddenly...
It isn't something to hide either, is it?
So those two are really dating, huh?
This is dumbfounding...
That is true, but I can't get used it.
Then get used to it quickly.
- And you keep holding my hand in front of the other kids---  - What is wrong about it?
I want to show off.
Are you the only couple? I am dating too.
Noona, Noona! Noona, Noona!
Oh Yeong Gon must have re-enrolled.
I am saying I'll carry these! Hurry up, Noona!
I am starting my internship next week, so I won't be able to see you often.
Tell me right away if Oh Yeong Gon does something weird to you, okay?
Intern? Did you get into Taerang Group?
That's awesome.
It's just an internship.
That's something though. It's very hard to get an internship there.
- Is that right?  - You are indeed...
Hello! I am your daughter's friend, Baek In Ho.
Are you really my daughter's friend?
Of course. I am very close with your daughter.
He was an English instructor at Noona's academy.
If foreign customers come, let him take care of them.
So why is an academy instructor here?
I have multiple reasons, but when it comes to strength,
I can be better than anyone. Try me, Boss!
I am the boss here.
Though you look strong...
First,
let's start with the cleaning.
You help too.
Using two mops get the job done faster.
Then I am...
Hey where are you going? Hold this.
Start mopping, hurry.
This work is quite hard. No time for a break all day.
You are wearing an apron.
I suits you well.
How can I look good even wearing this? I am so cool.
You just wait and see. I'll raise this shop's revenue.
- Aren't you embarrassed to say things like that?  - Not at all.
Being born with this beauty is something to boast about.
You came Noona. Awesome.
It is too hard. I am passing the baton. I am off first, Hyung.
Come here. Where do you think you are going?
Let me rest a bit, Hyung.
Are you kidding me? If you are resting,
your parents have to do it all. Get in!
- It's really too hard for me.  - Get in!
He met his match.
Put those green onions in the refrigerator.
- I am back!  - Yeah!
Did the business do well?
Is that man really your friend?
Come on out to sweep.
He is not your boyfriend, is he?
No. My boyfriend is a school sunbae.
If he is your sunbae, he must be a senior. Where is he getting a job?
I don't know about that.
You don't even know that about your boyfriend?
No plans for the future,
and no hopes for future, that type of punk
will never do, understand?
A guy obsessed with business will never do either.
This person is seriously...
I'll go home first, so wrap it up before you come home.
Of course you'll do fine, but
you must really
pick the man carefully, okay?
Just look at how I'm living...
Right, I have been a bit indifferent.
Sunbae must be worried about his permanent employment, too...
But he doesn't express his worries though...
Anyway, where would I apply for my job?
Marriage...
About when would I do that?
Or with whom...?
With Sunbae?
What am I thinking about?
Ah I am overdoing it...
That girlfriend is in my major
and is quite something.
They are like two peas in a pod---
If they were going end up together,
then why did Yoo Jeong put us together like that?
I can play with people too.
You just wait and see. If you take me as the old Oh Yeong Gon,
you guys will pee in your pants.
I am Oh Yeong Gon!
You won't eat with us now that you have a boyfriend.
This is how the friendship will crack. I've seen it many times.
Then. Shall we eat together with Sunbae?
- We'll eat just the two of us.  - But why?  - Hey Hong Seol!
You are quite capable.
Why are you suddenly trying to pick a fight again?
I didn't believe it, but you guys are really dating.
- I warned---  - Stop it already.
Hey! If you keep this up,
I'll reveal everything you did to me.
Okay do that.
But do you know who'll be injured the most?
You just wait a bit. I'll let you know for sure what kind of punk your boyfriend really is.
- What shall we eat today? Pork belly?  - Meat again?
The time that my ill fate started with Oh Yeong Gon
was definitely from that time.
During the time that sunbae kept on antagonizing me and
- I was having such difficult time because of it.  - They are going to give the money to the winning team.
Shall we cheer them to win so we can eat tasty food?
Let's start! Business major is the best! Great job!
Kwan Eun Taek! Kwan Eun Taek!
Trust me! Trust Oppa once!
Trust Oppa once! Oppa is here.
- What is this?  - Bo Ra!
Forget about Kwan Eun Taek. I'll bring the victory for you.
Oppa is charging!
Why is he like that to you? Wasn't he after Nam Joo Yeon?
He is like that anyway. It's annoying to take his crap already.
- Jeong is playing today.  - You can't do that.
$200 is on the line, so a good player should play.
Plus our major department's pride is on the line as well.
Then why is Jae Woo playing when he is not even 170cm tall?
Fine, fine, fine.
In return you eat everything you want to eat when we win.
Shh! We'll do everything. We have Jeong.
Give it to Jeong. Shoot!
Did you see that?!
Wow! Kwan Eun Taek is the best!
Let's have a chat.
Talk about what?
- Just come here.  - Let go of this and talk! Are you crazy?
- Just come here. I have something to tell you!  - That hurts!
- What's with you?  - Can't you see the game has started?!
And I don't like you!
Let go of that hand!
Just stop it already.
Hey what if I don't stop it?! Then what?
What do you think I'll do?
Look like you are about to hit me!
Uhh you grabbed me!
Go ahead and hit me! I am your sunbae!
Let go of me!
Just stop it.
What the hell?!
Hey are you crazy? Why hit people, and Jeong at that?!
I got hit too! I am bleeding!
He is not bleeding, is he? What are you going to do about this?
You are too, Sunbae. This little... Are you okay?
I am okay. He didn't do it on purpose anyway.
You should go to the hospital.
What is he saying? Pretending you are nice with this hypocritical image...
You don't think I know all of your images?
Seriously is he crazy?
Hey! Just wake up. Do you think this sunbae is even interested in you guys?
Not at all. He is being nice to you because he pities you guys.
He is a fake. Can't you see?!
You are ignorant.
You guys can't even tell what's fake.
I am telling you he is faking it.
You are more fake.
I can't believe this.
Hey. It's not looking good for you, so hurry and apologize.
I am telling you to apologize. Get a hold of yourself!
Ahh okay. Sunbae t-that's a misunderstanding. I just blurted it out because I was angry.
I am really okay, so take care of your wound.
Ahh Sunbae, I am sorry. You are angry, right? Please forgive me.
- Hey! You pay for the meals!  - Ah. really!
He looks pitiful like that. Honestly not everything Yeong Gon said was wrong.
Are you alright?
But you were too much earlier. Make sure you apologize to Bo Ra later, okay?
Hey, the reason girls don't like you is
that you don't show your true feelings.
Don't do like you did earlier. Take you time and slowly
approach her. What do you think?
Drink this.
I should not have comforted someone casually.
After that day, Oh Yeong Gon started his obsession with me
and progressed more and more.
What's wrong? Did I scare you?
Of course you scared me. What are you doing in front of my house?
Ahh, I came to see my friend here and I am on my way back.
Ahh, you live here too. Let's go. I'll take you home.
Hey! I am fine.
You told me to show my true feelings. I truly like you.
So why are you ignoring my feelings?
Hey. You know I didn't mean it that way.
And I don't like you!
Don't like me, my butt. You are just playing hard to get, right?
Don't be that way. You are making my heart flutter. Where are you going?
This is really creepy.
Hey! I told you not to send me presents, didn't I?!
Why? Don't you like it? That isn't a cheap thing.
-That is not the problem, is it?  - Why are you so mad?
Don't call again either!
Sunbae Yoo Jeong told me that you'd go crazy if I buy you something expensive.
I need to do some exercise. My belly is too big.
Hello. I have something to ask you Sunbae.
Oh Yeong Gon told me that you told him I liked him.
Thanks to you I've been suffering because he's been bothering me.
That punk is a funny punk.
You know Yeong Gon hit Jeong at the basketball match before,
and he was bothering Jeong claiming that he wanted to apologize, right?
He also said Seol is the only one who cares about him in our major.
So he just conversed with him once. That's all.
That punk really is trashy.
I am sorry anyway. I didn't mean it that way.
So because of Oh Yeong Gon's problem, what you said lightly had became like this?
Because of Oh Yeong Gon's problem.
Right. That punk is the problem.
I am sorry.
For some reason Oh Yeong Gon disappeared suddenly after that day.
and I had to close that case like that even though I felt uneasy about it.
Right. What is there to be uneasy about? Oh Yeong Gon probably made that story up anyway.
That's right. It probably is...
Sunbae!
What's the big deal. The rumor has spread already.
It maybe alright for you, but it's not for me.
People I've never seen before come to me and ask me if I am dating you.
Then they check me out from top to bottom, making me feel bad.
They can't believe I am dating you and look at me like there's no way.
This sort of expression.
Don't laugh. I am serious.
I should buy sunglasses. I can't hold my head up because I am so famous now.
Uncle. If we don't make it with this shop, we won't be able to make a living this time.
Just how long is he going to wait for that one shot.
Don't worry too much.
Hyung will probably buckle down soon. I'll talk to him.
Please do.
Yeah.
Is he a new part timer?
He seems to be strong.
He is strong and Joon is completely under his control.
That's good. My cafe is doing remodeling now
and I need to take care of the construction trash. Is it okay if I use him for a short while?
Of course I'll pay him separately.
In Ho! This is Seol's uncle and he needs someone to clean up his shop. Can you do it?
He'll pay you separately.
Is that right? I'd like that.
Let's take a break.
Thank you.
Wow, you did a lot. Great job! Isn't it refreshing?
Yeah.
Next is the storage room. It's over there. Would you organize it?
Storage room?
Yeah.
Wow this is big.
This is quite big.
Where did you find a youngster like that? You must be feeling great.
If he corrects his colt-like personality, he can be great.
♫  My man who looks great in uniform ♫
♫ Even if he doesn't put mousse on his hair ♫
♫  his hair shines. Indeed you are Baek In Ha's ♫
Wait for me.
W-What is this? Abstract?
Hey, don't do it. It's not ready.
Wait a minute.
No chance this is Yoo Jeong, right?
Wow! She says this is you.
Is this a painting or a ball of dust? How can you say this is Yoo Jeong?
-That's enough. She painted it well. - There you go again taking her side.
Stop taking on her side. Because you keep doing that, she's been talking about studying abroad or an exhibition and that sort of thing.
Baek In Ha, tell me honestly. You keep hanging on with this level of talent because Aunt didn't let you take lessons when you were young, right?
You really need to give up on this. I am telling you as your brother---
- Hey punk! I'll kill you?  - Are you crazy?
That's enough.
You think you are all that because you can play piano some. Get your head on straight!
I'll close the piano lid someday and break your fingers. Understand?
Stop it already.
Wow! She is a complete nut job.
She doesn't even know her place.
In Ha is quitting art class.
Is that right? I guess she has come to her senses.
At least pretend like you are worried about her.
Don't you feel bad that she is trying?
She should quit when it's not working out.
Let's go play basketball.
Where did it go? I'll get a few grand if I sell it.
Alligator, alligator, where---
You are a limited edition.
Red alligator, where are you?
Why is this still here?
I didn't know it all then. What it meant to
give up your dreams.
How it feels when you remember your forgotten dreams.
Where is the plug?
Where is it getting the electricity?
I didn't realize how late it was. You need to go to take the dinner crowd, right?
Yeah.
I'll be back at night to finish up.
Then I'll be grateful. Get going. They'll be busy.
This is great not riding the subway.
I'll take you home whenever I can. This is a date too.
Ah right. How are the senior classes?
Everybody is on edge because of the employment.
What would you like to do after graduation?
Not sure... I thought about studying abroad for my master's.
Studying abroad? Then what about me?
I need to do the internship properly first.
Isn't it hard to get a permanent position there?
Actually,
Taerang Group is my father's company.
What?!
Don't tell the other kids yet.
I am going to start from the bottom anyway.
He is one of those second-generation chaebols that I've only heard about.
My family is running a noodle restaurant and Joon may not even graduate from college.
Even an internship will be hard for me...
And this person...
What do you think you'll be doing in five years?
Probably learning about the business.
I seem so small in here.
And I am not in his future.
What's wrong? I said something wrong again, didn't I?
No.
I just... After your graduation
and after some time has passed, I am wondering if I'll still be next to you.
Oh. Over there.
Make a left turn here.
- This way?  - Yeah.
Here. Right here.
Thank you.
Seol.
Why worry about that?
Ahh, sorry.
No. I was just nervous.
No. If I just send him away like this, then I am a rock, ROCK!
- Sunbae. - Hmm?
-Sunbae. - Hmm?
Seol. Wait a minute.
I'll get g-going!
Seo---
Uhh? Noona, Noona, Noona!
Hey!
You have no umbrella, right?
Why are you here?
Hey! Why are you here instead of helping at the shop?
You drank again? Get a hold of yourself!
Uh? That's Hyung In Ho. What is he doing standing there?
What? So what will you do if you buy the electric cord?
Hyung! Hyung, Hyung.
Oh.
What you are two doing here?
- Take us home. - No I have a place to go to.
Ah why? Take us to home. Noona he's taking us home.
Seriously you two wanting free service...
Hold it. I am being generous today. Buy me a meal if you are thankful.
What's up with you?
Hey! I am getting wet.
Come here.
I am back.
How are you coming in together? How did you get home without the umbrella in the rain?
Hyung In Ho brought us home.
He must have gone to your uncle's storage room.
Your uncle asked for his help this afternoon. He is going to
organize the storage room for free at night.
What's the deal? I wonder if Uncle is giving him some booze.
Aigo this...You too get a hold of yourself.
Earn your own tuition during your time off.
Joon. Please just do as much as your sister is doing, huh?
You should have sent Noona to America.
Good job.
Just say that to your father. What should I hit him with?
Hey!
Ah Mom? Does Uncle still have his electric piano in the shop?
Probably.
Ahh you scared me.
I mean...
This. You were going to buy this, right?
What is this?
Perhaps these...
If you need them.
How did you know?
It only needs to be plugged in.
Czerny, my butt.
Why did you bring these? For me to play these?
Since you have no sheet music, I thought you might...
What is this? The world of music file.
What is "Red Seol"? Is it some sort of earth warrior?
Second grade and third classroom.
I got praised today. I felt good. Piano is fun.
More diligently tomorrow. This is full of fighting spirits.
Bayer and Czerny are a bit like that to play... I didn't think that far.
This too actually... I'll take these back.
Why are you taking that back?
This will just add more to the junk pile.
Still you gave it to me already.
But you don't need it.
You are sulking, aren't you?
Then why are taking it back?
You don't need it. What's up with you?
Oh my.
You need it, right? Piano fighting!
You did it on purpose, didn't you?
Fighting!
I got bewitched.
I am being generous today. Buy me a meal if you are grateful.
What's up with him today?
Hey! I am getting rained on!
Uh ditch, ditch!
Now you are answering the phone. Aren't you going to unfreeze my credit card?!
Hey! Are you ignoring me?!
You are the one who ignored the suggestion that you attend the academy.
Move out of the officetel within the month. I am going to sell it.
Wow.
Hey! I'm so pissed off
Ah I'm so annoyed.
- Hello  - Why yes.
You've eaten breakfast?
- Yes  - I was so busy...
Here it is.
What is this? Why are there only two for me?
Don't you know that I have a total of four classes this semester?
Hurry and print them out.
Uh the thing is...
What's going on. Why are you stammering?
To be honest uh... that. Professor, out of the classes that you uh were assigned,
there were some classes that were cancelled, so—
- Cancelled?  - Yes cancelled.
- Why?  - It seemed like there were some problems with the way the group-based learning was run...
- What problems?  - The evaluation of the students... can't just be flatly ignored
So with the end-of-year evaluations in mind, how about you go easy...
You bastard, you.
Are you okay?
No worries. I'm, I'm fine.
Should I get you... How about a cup of water?
You eat it.
Organizational Behavior.
I've heard some rumors.
I've heard there are a lot of complains about my teamwork method of teaching.
Just why?
I am pointing out the importance of communication in my class.
Yet we can't communicate between us. Does this situation make sense?!
Does it?
Oh my. For the regular people to understand my philosophy
is asking too much, is it? If so, then I should lower my standards
to approach you? Huh?!
Open your books. Chapter 1.
Fine! As you wish, this semester grades will be given on an individual basis.
You prepare it as a group but present as individuals.
It will be graded as a group and as an individual 50% each.
And. Those who exhibit parasitic behavior feeding on the spines of others,
those who shamelessly ride free. It's fine if their names are left out. Leave them out. Okay?
Yes.
Answer me loudly. Okay?
Yes!
Hey. This is Yeoni University?
The school is really big.
Now that we've come to Seoul, we should eat.
Right?
Let's ask Noona to treat us.
Sure.
But first.
What's going on?   The customer you have reached is not picking up the phone...
Noona's not picking up. Is she in class?
Hyung. I think the business school is this way, so let's go together.
You go ahead. I'll look around first, then join you.
Uh what...
It'll be helpful for increasing the quality of working life.
Why don't we take a break for 10 minutes?
Thank you.
From Joon: I'm here at your school with Hyung In Ho.
If you don't come out in 10 minutes, I'm going to ask Hyung Jeong to treat me to a meal.
Ah seriously.
Seol! I packed sandwiches. Would you like to eat them with me? I even bought beverages...
- I'm sorry. Next time. Let's eat next time. - Seol!
Where are you going?
You dropped this...
This belongs to Seol. This is quite cute, like Seol.
What is this? Is the battery out?
How can I not get connected after getting this sort of text?
Yeah.
Hello? Where are you right now?
Me?
Are you near the music department now?
Music department, my butt! I am at the restroom! The restroom.
H—
Music department, music department.
Wait! Wait!
Are you Baek In Ho?
Do you know me?
Of course. You were the apprentice of Professor No Eun Woo, right? Don't you remember me?
You were the punk who was stuck next to him, right?
Right. You still don't have any manners.
But what brought you here?
I came to the wrong place as I was passing by.
Uh just a minute. But why aren't you calling Professor No?
Please mind your own business.
In Ho! In Ho, stop!
Ah seriously. What is he doing not answering the phone?
Wait a minute! In Ho! In Ho!
Don't follow me!
- Baek In Ho! Baek In Ho!  - Don't follow me!
In Ho! In Ho! Hey student!
Student, student!
Do you know Baek In Ho?
Yeah?
I am a professor here. By chance does he attend this school?
No, he is not a student at this school.
Then, would you please hand him this business card?
Tell him to come see me sometime. Do me the favor.
Yes.
Yeoni University  Professor Sim Myeong So
Ah my doll.
My doll. Ah seriously!
Where is it?
Seol. We searched here twice already. Let's give it up.
Just a little more.
You bought it for me.
Why did Hong Joon have to come to school? Just wait until I get home.
Forget it. I'll buy another one for you.
Get out! Come here, I'll hold you.
Let's go.
Lastly. If it's not in here, then I'll really give it up.
It's not here.
It's really not here.
Professor, music department?
Professor asked me to give that business card to Baek In Ho.
I'll give it to him.
Are you two you going to fight again?
I just need to hand it to him at the shop.
I don't like it.
This isn't like that, is it?
Yeah it is.
Then let's go together. I don't like you fighting with Baek In Ho.
Fine then. Let's go.
How can I be interested in playing piano now?
You want to play piano?
I am asking if you want to play piano.
Professor Sim Myeong Soo asked that you be given this.
Seeing you are poking your head here and there seems like you still have a lot of regrets.
Shut your mouth, bastard.
Why do you care about what I do?
Go study abroad. I'll support you.
Quite funny.
I am saying it because you seem to have changed your mind.
If you can't say it because of your pride, then there's no need for it.
Whether you play piano or not, do as you want.
But don't drag Seol into it while you are hesitating.
Let's go. Let's go Seol.
♫ What lived in lonely me ♫
♫ Now everything has changed ♫
Sunbae why do you say it like that?
It sounds like you are trying to pick a fight.
You didn't play for five-years? What have you been doing for five-years?
I've seen enough. You may leave.
Isn't this yours?
It's mine! Are you the one who is copying me, Seol?
Hong Shil Hong Sam or whatever you are called,
I guess you didn't know you have to get my permission to date Yoo Jeong.
You curly-headed redhead, YOU!
Will she still be with you after knowing that you are the one who sent a stalker after her?
I don't like you being close to Baek In Ho, and I don't like you taking his side either.
I don't like you worrying about him either.